[theme music]
[light music playing]
[waves crashing, water rippling]
DIVORCE BY MUTUAL CONSENT
CHANG YEONG-GUK, YEO HWA-JEONG
[Hye-jin] We all have moments
in life that we regret.
[toy warbles]
[warbling continues]
[sobs]
DEMO OF THE END AND THE BEGINNING,
OH YOON'S 2ND ALBUM
[sighs]
[sighs heavily]
[Hye-jin] But even so,
we can never turn back the clock.
2 WEEKS AGO
CHUNG-HO SCUBA DIVING
-[Du-sik] Hello.
-[man] Oh, hi. How are you?
EPISODE TWO
[Du-sik exclaims]
[Du-sik exhales heavily]
Look.
Cool, isn't it?
[knocks on window]
If you open your clinic here,
the patients will heal
just from the view out the window, huh?
[Hye-jin] Yeah, it's nice.
It can't get better than this
when it comes to good feng shui.
The mountain behind,
the fronts, the water.
I see the water, but where's the mountain?
Did you forget about that hill
that's near the market up over there?
[scoffs]
If you're done, let's go. I'm a busy man.
[Hye-jin sighs in annoyance]
Hold on a second.
-I've got a whole list to go through.
-[thuds]
Sunlight, essential.
[sighs]
Does the AC work at least?
[Du-sik] No, it doesn't.
I see you're the exhausting type.
No, I'm just thorough.
[Hye-jin] What's in here?
-Oh.
-[Du-sik] The storage room.
Where's the next place
we're looking at? Far?
It's just this one.
You said we should get going.
Yeah, to go and look at a house for you.
Then, this is the only facility
you're showing?
Yeah.
[quirky music playing]
[scoffs]
Got two bedrooms and one…
One bathroom.
Air-conditioning, gas stove, washer,
and even a dryer included.
[Hye-jin] Who uses this kind of wallpaper
these days?
Mm. It's pretty cool, huh?
A tropical vibe and nice bright colors.
Nice floral theme.
Maybe it'll give you a rosier outlook.
The interior design
is not really my style.
-So, what exactly is your style then?
-[scoffs]
-Like that would matter.
-Let's hear it and see.
Mm… Well, overall I want an antique,
simple, and European style.
Wainscot paneling on the interior walls
and porcelain tiling on the floor.
Spanish tiles in the foyer
and light fixtures from Denmark would do.
I'm sure that went over your head.
How about some new wallpaper instead?
Off-white like teeth might work.
[scoffs]
Let's sign the deal.
Hey, come back. What are the amenities
again, besides the washer?
[Du-sik] A dryer!
Are you saying you are the owner
of both the office building
and the apartment?
Hm.
[scoffs]
Am I the only one who finds this odd?
-What?
-I'm saying that…
When she heard I was starting
a dental clinic, she introduced me to you,
and coincidentally,
the office space you showed me
is her property.
How's that a coincidence?
[laughs incredulously]
You're not scamming me
because I'm not from around here, right?
Doctor, I'm well aware
this is not ordinary to you,
but you can go ask anybody in this town.
Everybody knows who we are
and how we operate.
Exactly. Yeah.
I assure you, it's all quite professional.
I'm on government payroll, after all.
How is that the case
when you obviously own a restaurant?
[sighs]
I guess it's my turn this time.
[Hwa-jeong] Mm.
YEO HWA-JEONG, ZONE CHIEF
[Hye-jin] Zoning chief?
That's right.
Every month they pay me 300,000 won.
And for meetings 20,000 more.
Chief Hong is just a regular chief.
Only 50,000.
Forget it. She still doesn't believe you,
let's get her some better proof.
See how much of a bargain
you're gonna get for the two of us.
GONGJIN, CHUNG-HO
The office space you just saw
was the unit she was saving
for her second restaurant.
But she offered it to you
because she thought
it'd help the whole town
if you would open a dental clinic.
Hey, stop that.
She doesn't need to know all that.
She should hear this stuff, though.
Hey, forget it.
If you don't care, give it back.
[quirky music playing]
All right. Each of you gets a copy.
Now that the contract has been signed,
each of you will fulfill your duties
as tenant and landlord.
Well done.
-How many hours did you work today?
-Four total.
So, for four hours…
-[Du-sik] Here.
-Hm. Divided by two.
That's what I got, too. I'll just wire it.
Change is a real pain.
Thank you kindly.
It's all good. We'll be fine.
[birds chirping]
[playful music playing]
-Why are you following me?
-[scoffs]
You're not that smart, huh?
Do I really have to spell it out for you?
[Hye-jin] What do you mean?
You owe me cash for today. 17,440 won.
-17,440 won you said?
-[exhales heavily]
Listen up. Whatever the task,
I go by minimum wage.
I'm sure you know.
In 2021 that's 8,720 won per hour.
I worked 4 hours, which is 34,880 won.
And the fee should be evenly split
between both yourself and Ms. Yeo.
I only have large bills on me.
Oh, I always have change ready.
-[coins jingling]
-[Du-sik] Okay.
Here's 2,000.
And here's 560.
Are we done now?
Don't you need renovations?
I do that for minimum wage as well.
[scoffs]
Like anyone could do it.
I told you before,
when it comes to design, I'm quite picky.
[uplifting folk music playing]
What?
Wallpaper and painting,
cement work, tiles, heating repair,
plumbing too?
CERTIFIED PLUMBER
I'll consider myself hired.
[music continues]
[gasps]
What a weird guy.
What? Gongjin?
[Mi-seon] Where the heck is that?
[Hye-jin]
Gongjin, Chung-ho City, in Gangwon.
You're nuts. Come on. How are you
gonna survive in such a nowhere town?
You'll see. There's a grand plan.
Check this out. It's awesome.
PRIVATE CLINIC DOCTORS
EARN MORE IN THE COUNTRYSIDE
So you're moving there just to earn money?
I, uh…
I can't find a job here,
and it's impossible
to open a clinic in Seoul, and…
This could be the big move
that gets me earning real money soon.
[snorts]
You still shouldn't have signed the rental
agreement without telling me first.
-My bad.
-[snorts]
If you signed it,
there's nothing I can do.
[Mi-seon sighs]
But why are you packing
everything already, hm?
You need to list this place,
and it'll take a while to sell.
It's already sold.
The market here is hot right now.
When are you moving then?
-Two days from now.
-Hey!
-My gosh.
-Is there someone holding a gun
to your head, huh?
Why are you in such a big hurry?
It just kind of happened that way.
Unbelievable.
Look.
I'll just be so bored by myself here.
We've lived so close since middle school.
I know.
[sighs]
[quirky music playing]
[exhales sharply]
[Hye-jin] Mi-seon.
Here. You take this.
This…
It'll look good on you
since you're so thin.
Oh, leave it alone, huh!
You think I care about some dress?
[sighs in annoyance]
Just go if that's what you want!
Why are you doing this?
You're making it so hard.
Don't go away. You can't. Come on.
-Are you crying?
-I'm not.
[Hye-jin sobs]
[both sobbing]
[Hye-jin] Why?
You're making me feel so bad right now.
[sobbing continues]
[Mi-seon] Just so you know,
I hate this dress so much.
Give me that one instead. The nice one.
[Hye-jin] That one's too expensive.
-Cheapskate.
-[Hye-jin] Just try it on.
-Forget it. No!
-[Hye-jin] Damn it.
[Mi-seon] Just go. Go to Gongjin.
[upbeat music playing]
[birds squawking]
-[man 1] I'm good.
-[man 2] You're doing great today.
[grunts]
MR. YU EXPRESS
[Chun-jae] What's going on?
-What is it? What's up, huh?
-Oh, hello. Come on.
What's up? Is… is there… is there a party?
Hey, Chun-jae.
Hey, it's not Chun-jae.
I told you I go by Oh Yoon now.
-Not according to your birth records.
-It's Oh Yoon, damn it.
-[clicks tongue]
-All right then. Oh Yoon.
Over at Ms. Yeo's house,
someone's moving in.
-[chuckles]
-[groans]
The new neighbor is a young lady dentist.
[Nam-suk gasps]
Wait. So she… she's a dentist?
So that girl's a dentist? Really now?
So you know her?
No, not personally. No.
-You could say that a small debt…
-[gasps]
-…existed between us.
-A debt? You? What do you mean by that?
Honestly, she looks a little bit clumsy.
So I'm a little worried.
Why are you all watching
shyly from afar, huh?
[Yun-gyeong] Hello, Ms. Yeo.
-Here to play the big landlady.
-Mm. Mm.
-She doesn't see you.
-She's been walking past me like that
-for 30 years.
-Oh, good. That goes in the living room.
-[Hwa-jeong] Doctor.
-Oh. Good to see you.
You didn't have to come up here.
Oh, how can I not come and say hello
on your moving day?
You've got a whole lot of stuff.
-Ah, yeah.
-[both chuckle]
[exhales sharply]
They all live right around here.
-Oh, hi.
-[Chun-jae chuckles]
Remember me from the cafe?
[laughs]
They're your new neighbors now,
so say hello as you head out.
[Chun-jae] Say hi.
[Hye-jin chuckles]
Hello.
-[man] Where does this go?
-Ah, will you excuse me.
To the room… The, uh… I'll lead the way.
-Oh.
-[chuckles softly]
[all murmuring]
[Chun-jae] Is she actually moving here?
[birds squawking]
[playful music playing]
[Nam-suk] She's pretty.
She looks like me a bit, yeah?
[Hye-jin] Hey, Dad.
Yeah, it was all smooth.
I'm still so busy unpacking everything.
Of course, you can visit the clinic
once it opens.
Yeah, and take care of yourself.
Okay.
-Hm.
-[phone beeps]
[frame clangs]
[doorbell rings]
-[Hye-jin] Why are you here so late?
-To verify your registration.
[thumping]
[door closes]
[exhales heavily]
You're, uh, worried
I faked my moving papers?
What do you think of this wallpaper?
I think I chose a great one, huh?
Well, it's fine, I suppose.
-[Hye-jin] So, what do you need?
-I have a few things to tell you.
Recycling's picked up
every Wednesday at nine in the morning.
-Uh, at the end of the alley--
-[Hye-jin] Hold on.
Recycling?
Bring it to the end of the alley
down there.
And these boxes and big stuff
should go out the day before.
[mumbles]
A day before.
The combo for the front door lock
is 870724.
-Eight, seven…
-[Du-sik] O, seven, two, four.
[Hye-jin] O, seven, two, four.
You can change it
to whatever combination you want to.
What's this number?
-My birthday.
-[gasps]
Why is your birthday
the combination to my front door?
Nothing came to mind, so I used
the same combination from my place.
[gasps]
Why would you tell me
what the code to your door is?
Oh, whatever.
It's gone from my mind already. I forgot.
[Hye-jin] I'll throw this away.
-[paper tears]
-You'll have to enter it
before you set a new combination.
Oh. Well, you should've just said so.
Hm.
-So then, you're 35?
-Mm.
Then you're my oppa by a year.
Was that a hint of affection I heard?
Now, don't you dare show me any.
[scoffs]
How horrible.
I just got goosebumps.
Yeah, me too. Uh, all right.
That's all I came to tell you.
Questions?
Uh…
Go ahead.
Where can I get
a cup of decent coffee around here?
I usually like to go and get
a cup of coffee to start my workday.
There are a couple near the dock,
but one is really close to your clinic.
Okay. Which one is it?
You know.
[Hye-jin] No way.
-[shudders]
-[Du-sik sighs]
Oh, come on. After all,
they're your neighbors now, too.
That isn't… That's not it.
It's just, well… their coffee sucks.
Give it another try.
And the renovation is gonna take a while.
I'll let you know the details.
Uh-huh. Wait, how long though?
I'll call you.
Well, it can't be that long.
[door closes, lock beeps]
[sighs]
I swear…
[exhales heavily]
Recycling on Wednesday.
Lock combination, seven…
[shudders]
[waves crashing]
[panting]
[Suk-ja] Didn't you hear,
there's a new dentist office opening up?
Who hasn't heard that by now?
I saw her when she was moving in,
-and it's someone we know already!
-Mm?
It's the same woman
that the Chief brought out to the deck?
-Huh?
-To the gutting deck?
Oh, yeah. That's her.
So? What's so great about a dentist?
My son lives in Seoul. He's an accountant.
[sighs]
Not that again.
Everyone in Gongjin
knows about your son by now.
This is great, though. You were having
tooth trouble. I remember you said that.
So you can go over there when it opens.
You think I will cash out
for some damn molars
when I'd only have a few years left
to enjoy them?
Tell me about it.
That implant thing that they've got.
It costs you, you, you…
that car, or more, to do it.
-Ouch!
-Exactly.
You can't put a cost on eating
without anything hurting.
-[Mat-i] Hm.
-[gasps]
Over there. There's that dentist.
-[Gam-ri] What?
-[Mat-i] What?
Goodness.
[Gam-ri] Is she…
She's only… I swear. She was only
wearing her long johns, wasn't she?
I thought my eyes
were playing tricks on me, ah.
I just thought, I… I thought that girl
can't be wearing just…
My goodness.
Oh, what's going on with the world?
You could see every fold and crack of her…
How embarrassing.
[gasps]
[indistinct background chatter]
MODERN PHOTO STUDIO
[scoffs]
Well, aren't you… a little rascal.
[chuckles]
[birds chirping]
-[bucket clangs]
-[Du-sik sighs]
[gurgles]
-[thuds]
-[exhales sharply]
[inhales deeply]
-[thumping]
-[yawns]
[water rippling]
So is he finished with his work or not?
[waves crashing in distance]
[enchanting music playing]
[playful music playing]
[Hye-jin gasps]
[mumbles]
Well done.
[Hye-jin gasps]
It sure is nice.
[playful music playing]
-[Suk-ja] Chief Hong!
-[Gam-ri] What?
There he is. Hm.
-Hi.
-[chuckles]
Hm. The gamju is so refreshing.
So sweet. Who made it?
Isn't it obvious? Du-sik, of course.
Hm? Who taught you to make it so good?
As if there's anything he can't do.
-Other than find a wife, I mean.
-[Mat-i laughs]
How very right you are.
How did we get on this subject, eh?
[chuckles]
Chief Hong,
why is this suit out here, hm?
I'm throwing it out.
[Suk-ja] Why?
Why throw away a perfectly good suit?
It looks expensive.
Maybe it will fit my son-in-law, hm?
Unbelievable. How can you give
your son-in-law a hand-me-down?
Hurry with the soap, bring it over here.
I'm a very busy woman
-if you don't know.
-Yeah. How many do you need?
-I'll take two of them.
-Two, yeah?
-Four over here.
-[Du-sik] Ah.
-I'll take ten.
-[Du-sik] Ten for her?
[scoffs]
Ms. Mat-i, you're a real high roller!
Nothing better than that stuff
when it comes
-to getting out squid and fish stink.
-[laughs]
-Right.
-It's the top of the line. I'm serious.
-Is that so?
-Mm-hm.
I appreciate you saying that, ma'am.
I'll continue to sell it to you
at 500 won a piece.
-[Du-sik laughs]
-One more thing.
That woman that you brought
to the gutting deck
-is a dentist, right?
-Yeah.
That woman. My goodness, she…
-I don't know how she could do it.
-Wait, what happened?
Just recently, she was running along
over on the walking path.
Her clothes could not have been
more raunchy.
Her top barely covered her,
and meanwhile, her pants were so tight.
I could see her backside so clearly.
I had to avert my eyes.
Tell me. How can someone run around
wearing something like that?
-How embarrassing.
-[Du-sik] Wow.
I could see her belly button right there
in the open air.
That's just workout clothes.
A lot of people wear it these days.
What? What?
[quirky music playing]
Get your soap, ladies, huh?
[Du-sik] It smells incredible,
thanks to the tangerine peel.
Who wants this… Oh! I dropped one.
This one got crushed.
I'll cut another for you. All right, here.
[laughs awkwardly]
[Du-sik] Two for Ms. Gam-ri.
Ms. Suk-ja wanted four, is that right?
And ten for Ms. Mat-i. Oh, come on.
Work with me a little here, ladies.
[humming]
The blue…
[doorbell rings]
Hm?
Oh. Ms. Yeo?
Doctor. Hello, how are you?
[Hwa-jeong] Well… Oh, my goodness.
-[gasps]
-[Hye-jin] I'm still unpacking…
[Hwa-jeong]
I love what you've done with the place.
It looks totally different.
[chuckles]
Mm. Can I get you a drink?
No, thanks. I've got to get back soon.
We're having a party for the…
the elderly tomorrow.
And I wanted to invite you to it.
Ah. An elder's party.
What do you say? Could you make it over?
I'd have to go
and check my planner before I…
Please come by even though you're busy.
Greet your neighbors properly
and promote the opening
of your new office.
Promote?
Oh.
[searing]
[upbeat music playing]
-Here you go.
-[woman] Enjoy.
[indistinct chattering]
[women giggling, cheering]
[exhales heavily]
Let's consider it.
The parts of doing business.
-[Du-sik] Why are you just standing there?
-[Hye-jin] Oh, my gosh.
Uh, I was just about to join in.
Why a camera?
Uh, just here to take photos
of everything.
You charge by the hour for that, too?
Unfortunately, this one's a favor.
Just don't take my photo, though.
I know what my likeness is worth.
Don't worry. I have high standards
when it comes to my subjects.
[camera shutter clicks]
Doctor, over here!
Ah, hi.
[chuckles]
[upbeat music continues]
[snorts]
-[camera shutter clicks]
-[Mat-i] Welcome.
-[Suk-ja] Please have a seat.
-Hello.
[Suk-ja laughs]
You remember us, don't you?
Yeah, of course.
I was grateful for the other day.
-You're our new dentist, is that right?
-Ah, yes.
I opened a dental clinic
in the building up there.
Please come by if your teeth bother you.
The world has changed
for the better, hasn't it?
Back in the day, we barely made ends meet.
So women almost never went to college.
I see.
-[chuckles]
-Anyway, here. Please have some food.
From what I saw the other day,
you could use a little bit more of it.
Hold on a second. This meat here…
wrapped in some of this kimchi right here…
Go ahead. It's delicious, really, ah.
[Gam-ri] Open up.
[flustered exhale]
-[Gam-ri] Here you go.
-I…
[Gam-ri] There.
What… Why aren't you eating it?
I just, uh…
I'll have it later.
I'm not hungry right now, so…
Is it because she used her hands?
We just washed ours, really.
-No, that's not it.
-Mm.
[Hwa-jeong gasps]
Doctor, when did you get here?
-Ms. Yeo.
-[grunts]
Things were so hectic
I didn't see you arrive.
[Nam-suk] Hello there.
I saw you move in the other day.
-[chuckles]
-[Hye-jin] I see.
I'm the owner
of Gongjin Korean-Chinese Restaurant.
-Hi.
Oh. Oh, my. How's it been for you?
-[chuckles]
-It turns out
you rented out the house
and the office space that are in her name.
You really do deserve a good landlady,
and yet, you got a grumpy one.
[laughs]
What sort of nonsense is that, huh?
But I'm right, aren't I?
Everyone knows you're a little fussy, huh?
[both laugh]
Not really.
[chuckles]
Doctor, I'm nice. Honestly.
For one, I gave you a deposit discount
because you leased two units.
Don't hesitate to let me know
if I can do anything else.
Actually, there are a couple of things.
-Oh, my, my… Oh, go on.
-Please do tell.
I'll have it fixed right away.
Uh, okay. Uh…
could you change the utility room tiles
for me, please?
Why? Are there cracks or something?
Actually, there are a few little cracks…
-[Nam-suk gasps]
-…which aren't too pleasant on the eyes.
[Nam-suk] I see.
-There's also a hole in the screen window.
-Oh, no.
It's only as big as a quarter
of my pinky fingernail,
but mosquitoes and fruit flies
can still get inside, so…
-it's not great.
-[Nam-suk] Goodness.
-Also, you sell fish at your restaurant.
-Right.
Maybe you should consider
another way of grilling it.
The smell can be
a little bit overpowering, honestly.
It smells kind of gross, so…
She's not wrong.
[laughs]
Um, hi, I'm Bo-ra's mother.
I'm the owner of that supermarket.
-[laughter]
-[Hye-jin] Hello.
And this is my husband.
-Hi.
-I run the hardware store.
-I see.
It's so nice to have
-another young face here in town.
-[Geum-cheol] Right.
[Yun-gyeong] You didn't buy anything
at the store the other day.
-Really?
-Really. Come by whenever you like.
[Hye-jin chuckles]
It's just because I couldn't find
the product I was looking for.
-What?
-[Nam-suk gasps]
What didn't we have?
We have more in our store
than any other market in town.
-[Geum-cheol] She's right.
-It's the shampoo brand.
It's, um, on the pricey side,
so I'm sure you don't carry it
in the countryside.
[Yun-gyeong] In the country?
[Hye-jin chuckles]
I was just checking, but I was right.
No, don't worry about it, really.
-I ordered some online.
-[laughs bitterly]
-Honey, can you…
-[Geum-cheol stammers]
Slow and steady.
I'm, uh, surprised you got an internet
connection here in the sticks.
I should go change the way I grill fish.
Let's go.
[sighs]
[Gam-ri] I should get going too.
[Nam-suk]
Is the store really missing certain items?
[Geum-cheol] We have the essentials.
If, uh… If your teeth ever bother you…
[upbeat music playing]
[woman laughing]
Here it comes.
[sighs]
So you're really a dentist.
Uh, yes.
[Chun-jae] Oh, my.
I shouldn't have gotten
the wrong idea about you.
[Chun-jae chuckles]
I apologize.
Let's forget what happened, shall we?
I'll, uh, properly introduce myself
to you then.
♪ A sleepless moonlit night ♪
Ah, you wouldn't know that song.
Oh Yoon's my name.
I'm a singer.
-Hello.
-[Chun-jae chuckles]
Oh, this happens to be
my first studio album.
Think of it as a welcoming present.
-[Chun-jae] A gift for you.
-Oh.
[both chuckle]
-[Hye-jin] Thank you.
-I signed here.
OH YOON, VOL. 1
Thank you.
[Chun-jae] You finished your food?
Ah, yeah, go ahead.
[indistinct chattering]
[upbeat music playing]
[Du-sik] Ms. Yeo, I'll take a bowl
of yukgaejang too.
-Hey, Chief Hong.
-Yeah?
Are you disgusted by the smell
of my grilled fish?
-No.
-Right?
I always use fresh fish
caught right here daily.
-Huh? Who complained?
-[Hwa-jeong] Forget it.
[mic echoes]
[over microphone] Greetings. This is
the village chief, Chang Yeong-guk.
Today, an elder's party is occurring
in the…
the courtyard near the town hall plaza.
We're gathering to wish
our elders good health.
Meat and rice cakes
will be served as part of the feast,
so please attend the party
if you haven't already
and make sure to get yourself down there
just as soon as you can.
Just so you know, I would've won
the number one song on Top Ten Songs
if I hadn't gone up against
Seo Taiji and Boys in '93.
Do you know the song, uh, "Hayeoga"?
-♪ To you, I'm-- ♪
-Ah, I know that one.
See what I'm saying?
Everyone knows "Hayeoga."
Do you know what Korea's number two
-national treasure is?
-Not really.
Wongaksa Temple ten-story Stone Pagoda.
We all know what the number one
treasure is,
but not number two.
It's the same with you.
You know "Hayeoga,"
but not
"Exercising in the Moonlight", huh?
Nobody ever cares about who came second.
Why am I so worked up about this?
[laughs]
[Chun-jae]
It's not you I'm blaming, really.
Anyway, my second album
was well on its way.
[Chun-jae]
I poured my heart and soul into it.
I even recorded the first single,
but then, my manager ran away
with all of the production funds.
[laughs]
And while I went around looking for him,
everywhere across this entire country,
people stopped caring about me
as a singer.
Since then, all I could do
was shows and nightclubs,
and I ended up settling here in Gongjin.
-Because I met a woman. That was why.
-I need to use the restroom.
[Chun-jae] Yes, sure thing.
I see you go to the restroom often.
Ms. Dentist, why don't you come
have a bowl of yukgaejang, eh?
-I'm all right.
-Why not? Still on a diet?
That's not it. I'm not hungry is all.
But it smells incredible.
[sighs]
Are you aware
of how dirty this environment is?
[Hye-jin]
And there are so many people here.
Cooking out in the open like this
is a risk of… Well, it's unsanitary.
Hold on a minute. Are you calling
this soup dirty, is that it?
I'm just saying, it's…
Spoken like a fussy Seoulite.
Do you really have to be that picky?
Why can't you just open up
once in a while, huh? Have some fun.
Why should I?
-Because you just moved here and--
-[phone vibrating]
Hey, Mi-seon. Where are you?
[sighs]
[Mi-seon] I'm out grocery shopping.
My boyfriend's been busy at work,
so we haven't spent much time together.
I thought I'd cook for him.
Devoted, aren't you?
[upbeat music playing loudly]
Hey, what's all that noise?
This is Oh Yoon here. It's not
a true party if I don't sing a song.
Geum-cheol, let's do this!
[Chun-jae] All right!
-One moment.
-[in Korean] ♪ When spring comes ♪
♪ You said you'd come to me ♪
♪ Like a singing swallow ♪
Geum-cheol!
[imitates chicken clucking]
[in English] The old people thing?
You really went to it?
I was hoping I could promote the clinic,
but I shouldn't have come.
[Mi-seon] Why is that?
Really not your scene, is it?
[Hye-jin sighs]
You have no idea.
In a yard where dirt is kicked up,
the grilled meat,
boil soup, and sing.
And the old ladies lick their fingers
and eat food with their bare hands.
It's like you gave them a list
of all the things you hate.
[sighs heavily]
Exactly.
[in Korean]
♪ Looking up at the blue sky ♪
[Geum-cheol in English]
I'm reminded of you!
♪ I'm reminded of you ♪
[Chun-jae] Geum-cheol!
-It's my turn.
-♪ Just like a swallow ♪
♪ My heart flies to you ♪
[sighs]
[in English] This is so annoying.
[Hye-jin] I shouldn't have come down here.
Hey!
CANCEL
[automated voice] Cancel.
Hey, what the hell?
[indistinct clamoring]
[woman] My, God.
What happened here?
[Hye-jin sighs over speakers]
I don't like anything here.
Maybe I should've just stayed in Seoul.
-What?
-[Suk-ja] Hm?
[Hye-jin] There's this cafe owner here
who claims he's some…
washed-up singer.
You ever heard of Oh Yoon?
[Hye-jin] No. You never have, right?
He keeps blabbering on and on
about his sob story when I didn't ask.
[Hye-jin] His second album was scrapped
after his manager took off with the money.
That's just a cop-out, though.
If he had the willpower or talent,
he would've made it one way or another.
-[Du-sik sighs]
-I…
Don't. It's all right.
-Living in the past…
-I'm good.
…'cause these days your life's a mess,
that's the coward's move.
-[Mi-seon] I feel bad though.
-About what?
I feel bad for people
whose dreams are dead in the past.
Unfulfilled desires can hold a heavy place
in someone's heart.
[Mi-seon] Anyway, I'm about
to go check out at the register now.
Oh. All right.
[phone beeps]
[solemn music playing]
[sighs heavily]
Unbelievable.
Why didn't you turn the intercom off?
[Hwa-jeong] Go and do it now!
[Yeong-guk] What?
Oh.
[solemn music playing]
[Du-sik] Chun-jae. Chun-jae!
-[Nam-suk] Chun-jae!
-[Geum-cheol] Chun-jae!
[sobbing softly]
[sighs]
[mic echoing]
[water rippling]
[dramatic music playing]
[Du-sik] Here you are.
I looked everywhere for you.
[Chun-jae sighs]
Why did you have to… Damn it.
[breathes deeply]
All those people need you to take
photographs over there. Why are you here?
I took enough.
Uh, you okay?
I wouldn't take anything
she said to heart.
It's just a bunch of ignorant blabbering.
Everything she said was true, though.
I fully deserve an assessment like that.
Hey, what are you talking about?
Folks come in all the time
to hear your songs,
and you have a daughter you love so much.
You know what? Why don't we go find
some place for a strong drink,
[clicks tongue]
lift our spirits a little, huh?
I need to make lunch for Ju-ri.
Normally, she eats at the party,
but she didn't wanna come today…
which I scolded her for.
[laughs]
Now I'm glad she didn't.
I'm off.
[Du-sik sighs]
[keyboard clacking]
DENTAL HYGIENIST WANTED
NEW DENTAL CLINIC IN GONGJIN
LOOKING FOR LONG-TERM EMPLOYEE
[sighs]
Me and my stupid mouth.
-[thumps table]
-[sighs]
To hell with it. I should go.
-[doorbell rings]
[door lock beeps]
[man] Delivery. Are you Yoon Hye-jin?
Yeah, thanks.
[man] Can you sign here?
I didn't expect it to get here so soon
since it's from overseas.
That's how it usually is,
but this one's early.
You really do everything around here.
What? Is something wrong?
You think you're better
than everyone else.
Pardon?
You're smart, you got good grades
and you became a doctor.
Your life must've been pretty smooth.
Not always, of course, but all you hit
along the way were speed bumps.
Overcoming those little bumps on the road,
you really thought that that little bit
of will power can get you anywhere.
If this is about earlier, then stop.
I shouldn't have to hear this
from you right now.
What? You think you've got free reign
to judge other people's lives,
but yours is off-limits?
[exhales heavily]
Listen, doctor.
I don't think you're right.
Life isn't so… so fair for all of us.
Some spend their whole lives
walking unpaved roads,
while some run full speed
just to hit a cliff and fall.
Hey, got that?
[solemn music playing]
[exhales]
[sighs]
[doorbell rings]
What? You thought of another taunt to…
[quirky music playing]
Mi-seon?
I took a Taxi here.
It cost me 200,000 won.
[gasps]
What's going on?
[sniffles]
[sobbing]
Let's go in.
[Mi-seon sobbing]
That bastard.
[Hye-jin sighs]
So you're telling me you went
to his place with groceries
and a woman with a two to eight parting…
was standing there
wearing his dress shirt?
-Uh-huh.
-[Hye-jin sighs]
Apparently, she just landed.
She's a flight attendant.
What'd she say?
[sighs]
Both of us had no idea.
-That's when the bastard crawled in.
-And then?
And we both pulled out stuff
from the grocery bag.
I had spring onions,
she had a bag of red ones.
[sighs heavily]
Wasn't there anything
a little sharper than that?
The spring onions were the sharpest.
They were raw.
Some friend you are to want me
to ruin my whole life.
Let's go back to Seoul.
Sit back down.
Why? Let's go and kill him.
My gosh, you already did?
Don't be a fool. I'll work for you.
[scoffs]
Room and board.
Plus a ten percent raise, okay?
-Is it a deal?
-[chuckles softly]
Deal.
-[both giggle]
-Come here!
[laughter]
CHUNG-HO SCUBA DIVING
YOON DENTAL CLINIC
[upbeat music playing]
It's finally D-day.
[Mi-seon] Let's get off to a good start.
[exhales heavily]
[sighs]
[chuckles]
-[door closes]
-[Hye-jin sighs]
[sighs]
YOON DENTAL CLINIC OPENING EVENT
[quirky music playing]
Well, I guess,
word didn't spread far enough.
What if I promote the clinic online?
I have 50,000 followers on my account.
BORA SUPERMARKET
-[Hye-jin] Oh, hello.
-[Mi-seon] Hello.
Hm?
Oh, hello.
Yun-gyeong, let me buy some shampoo.
[Nam-suk]
The nice stuff, not the country trash.
-Great.
-[indistinct murmurs]
[man] She's the one.
[murmuring continues]
Hey, did you do something wrong?
[Chun-jae chuckles softly]
-Oh.
-[boy] I like this one.
[flustered murmur]
What is it?
-[Mi-seon] Hm?
-[Hye-jin sighs]
[whimpers]
[sobbing]
[Mi-seon] What's wrong?
-[woman] Huh? Chief Hong.
-Yeah?
Why are you glancing at her?
Uh, it's nothing. The anchovies
are on the smaller side today.
[chuckles]
Well, that's how they should be.
[woman] They're supposed to be small.
-Oh, yeah.
-[woman] They look great, though.
[Mi-seon gasps]
No!
Gosh!
Seriously?
And you didn't tell me till now?
If I had told you sooner,
you wouldn't have moved in here.
You're not a friend at all.
You're a con artist.
-[clicks tongue]
-[whines]
What am I going to do, Mi-seon?
The rumors must've spread.
[Mi-seon sighs]
Forget about it, hm?
Private clinics can't survive
without the town's trust.
Let's pack it up and head back home.
Head back to Seoul.
How can I…
when I spent a fortune here?
Don't think like that.
Cut your losses now,
or else you'll spend months
throwing good money and end up in the red.
Just like my dad.
[sighs deeply]
Hey!
Come back.
-[door closes]
-Where is she going?
[water rippling]
[breathing heavily]
Out for a moonlight jogging?
Ah, you're mad about what I said to you.
Oh, and…
how about you try
running in a different outfit next time?
-What?
-There's a rumor around
where the dentist go running
in her long johns, so…
[exhales]
These are leggings.
And whether I wear them or wear bikinis,
it's none of your business.
Yeah, I'm aware.
But, I do think you can try to…
-compromise a little.
-[scoffs]
Things run a little slow around here, huh?
Dealing with gossip can be dangerous.
I know. I know you're just wearing it
to work out and not to cause a scene.
-And yet?
-This may sound old-fashioned,
but this isn't Seoul.
This town's full of older folks.
It sure is tiring.
Yet, you're the one who chose
to come out here and set up your office.
[Du-sik]
Don't we all need some time to adjust?
I've thought about it…
[sighs]
…and everybody screws up.
Technically speaking, you didn't know
that that microphone was on.
We all badmouth someone
at least once in our lives.
[Du-sik] It'll be fine, so don't worry.
All the other people around here are
probably talking plenty of crap about you.
So now that things around here
are a little bit more even,
how about we move on?
You gave out rice cakes
when you moved in, right?
[thrilling folk music playing]
I can't believe it.
[searing]
[upbeat music playing]
HWAJEONG RAW FISH RESTAURANT
Ms. Yeo.
-[Hye-jin] Hello.
-[Hwa-jeong] Hello.
To celebrate opening the clinic.
Right. Rice cakes, huh?
-Take it. Here.
-Well, thanks.
[Hye-jin]
Hello, I'm here from Yoon Dental Clinic.
Have some rice cakes.
[Geum-cheol] You can leave it here.
[upbeat music continues]
-[clattering]
-[Geum-cheol clears throat]
Have a good day.
Dang it. Where's the signal?
BORA SUPERMARKET
-Hi there.
-[chuckles]
Have some rice cake.
I'm being tested
for gestational diabetes tomorrow.
Then, you shouldn't have any.
[laughs awkwardly]
[Yun-gyeong] Sorry about that.
So sorry.
[munching]
Hello.
Yoon Dental Clinic just opened.
-And I hope we get along.
-[chuckles]
COFFEE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DAY
AND BEER IN THE MOONLIGHT
[exhales]
[sighs]
Hey, it's the dentist!
[children] Hello.
[Hye-jin] Hi, kids.
What's happening?
Oh, my.
Is this some sort of hedgehog?
-[Bo-ra] Yes.
-[Hye-jin gasps]
No way.
[indistinct chattering]
[Hye-jin]
You want me to take care of it for you?
Yes, we saved up our allowance to get it,
but my mom won't let me have it.
GONGJIN MARKET
You can take it instead then.
I was going to,
but I haven't been able
to tell my mom yet.
He'll ask her once he wins first place
at the math tournament.
Oh, yeah?
That'll be pretty hard.
Are you sure you can do it?
He's super, super smart!
He always gets a perfect score.
Really? Oh. Ooh.
I'm sorry. I… I can't take him.
[gasps]
Hey!
Why don't you ask Chief Hong
to look after it for you?
We already asked,
and he declined.
Why?
He walks around on his high horse
then leaves the child out cold.
Well…
[clears throat]
I'm sorry to say this, but I can't either.
I'm not any good with pets actually.
And it's hard enough providing for myself.
Look for someone else to help, okay?
So sorry, again.
[Hye-jin] Enjoy your rice cake.
See? I told you she'd just say no.
My mom told me that that lady's heart
is full of nails, and frozen solid.
[sighs heavily]
[calm music playing]
[Mi-seon] Money sure is great.
You always get what you pay for.
[Hye-jin] How was the facial then?
[Mi-seon sighs]
[gasps]
Who's your friend? Is that a hedgehog?
Whoa! Where did you get it?
Ah. Someone asked me
to watch it for a few days.
[gasps]
Someone in this town trusted you?
[sighs]
Well, my first patient in Gongjin did.
What do you mean?
We still have zero patients.
[music stops]
Hey.
What's with all this mail?
Huh?
How many charity organizations
do you support?
[gasps]
Not that many, I…
[Mi-seon]
It's not that many. Yeah, right.
Single mothers, low-income households,
and schools in Africa.
Shouldn't you be tightening
your belt instead?
Until we get back some clients,
hold back on that staff.
Oh, look at it run.
-[hedgehog wheels rattling]
-That's right.
-[Hye-jin] There you go.
-[Mi-seon] Unbelievable.
COFFEE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DAY
AND BEER IN THE MOONLIGHT
OPEN 08:00 TO 22:00,
REGULAR PERFORMANCE CANCELED
[door closes]
-[Du-sik] Chun-jae.
-[Chun-jae] Hey.
Tonight's show is canceled?
[Chun-jae] Yeah. I'm not feeling great.
What, how bad is it?
[gasps]
My head is a bit…
Customers never seem
to finish their coffee. What a waste.
-That's 'cause it's bad.
-[Chun-jae] Hm?
Your coffee tastes terrible.
Uncle Du-sik's is good though.
-[Ju-ri] Ugh, yours is…
-Ju-ri, knock it off, all right?
-What? It's true.
-Right?
[chuckles]
[Chun-jae] I don't do anything right.
[laughs]
Ju-ri, I know you've hit puberty
and wanna rebel…
-every three seconds.
-Puberty?
But you can't be so mean to your dad.
You'll regret it later.
-You smell like a geezer.
-What?
-[Ju-ri] You stink.
-Oh, I stink?
[Ju-ri] You do.
I only say this to you, because I've grown
the tiniest bit wiser lately,
-and I sound like an adult, not a geezer.
-"Grown-up."
-Don't be crooked like your eyebrows.
-Wait.
Are you saying I have
weird-looking eyebrows?
[Du-sik chuckles]
Oh, come on! They look great.
[Ju-ri]
You don't scare that I mess them up.
[sighs]
-[door closes]
-[mumbles]
THE END AND THE BEGINNING
OH YOON
DEMO OF THE END AND THE BEGINNING,
OH YOON'S 2ND ALBUM
YOON DENTAL CLINIC
[Hye-jin sighs]
Fingers crossed we get a patient today.
We will. Now,
since you gave out rice cakes.
I hope.
[chuckles]
-[door opens]
-[Mi-seon] Oh, welcome.
[Du-sik] Good day.
What?
[door opens]
[Hye-jin gasps]
I guess, you still don't get it, do you?
-Why are you badgering me again?
-Because you're pathetic.
Did you really think giving out a couple
of rice cakes, would set everything right?
-Well, I don't know what happened.
-[sighs]
-It didn't work.
-Because it was insincere.
Did you walk in all reluctant and ask them
to come by your clinic sometime?
I can almost picture it.
So what?
-Come with me.
-Where?
Would you rather
let your office fail, huh?
Are you crazy?
Why would you bring me here?
Wait, aren't you a resident? Then, you
should be at the neighborhood meeting.
You know that I…
-Just forget it.
-[grunts]
So you'll just keep avoiding everyone?
If you can't pick up spilled milk,
you should at least be apologizing,
and honestly,
rather than avoid everyone.
Go in already. I'm busy.
Aren't you going in?
Hm, I got stuff to do.
[Hye-jin] Wait.
How can I possibly go in there alone?
They're all strangers to me.
You want help? Is that it?
[Hye-jin gasps]
-Of course not.
-Then get in there already.
Don't even think about running.
I'll hunt you down.
[sighs]
Oh. Or do you need me?
No.
[calm music playing]
[sighs heavily]
[sighs]
[whines]
Did she really think that giving out
the rice cakes was enough, huh?
I thought she was nice at first,
but she thinks my supermarket
is some hovel,
-and calls Gongjin the countryside.
-[sighs]
That's nonsense.
This is a big town with a long history.
It's got history and it's quite large.
Gongjin used to be home
to the Dragon King.
But there she is running
while barely covered.
The Dragon King must be furious.
[Nam-suk] Tell me about it.
And how dare she look down her nose
at us like that.
[sighs]
It's very upsetting.
[exhales heavily]
That's enough. Please drop it already.
What do you mean we should drop it?
Aren't you just as pissed off?
For a start, how about you stop
always hitting people when you talk?
[Nam-suk] I don't do that.
-[Hwa-jeong] You did it just now.
-[gasps]
Sitting next to you is a hazard.
Stop attacking me with all these
false accusations. I can't believe…
Chun-jae, you tell me. Did I do that?
-Huh?
-[Gam-ri] Goodness.
Must you two get into it all over again?
-[door opens]
-[Gam-ri sighs]
[Hye-jin] Hello, everyone.
-[Gam-ri] What?
-[Hwa-jeong] Huh?
-Dr. Yoon!
-What?
I never expected you
to attend the neighborhood meeting.
[Yun-gyeong] Tell me about it.
I'm sorry our town meeting's
not up to your high standards.
[murmurs]
[Du-sik grunts]
Oh, it's heavy. Move. Move.
[sighs]
-Almost wrecked my back.
-[Nam-suk] What is it?
[Du-sik] I'm a little late, aren't I?
I went, uh…
to bring the snacks for today's meeting.
-Snacks?
-[chuckles]
All courtesy of Dr. Yoon here.
[Nam-suk and Geum-cheol] What?
[Du-sik] She asked for my help.
See, she was edgy because she just moved,
so she made a mistake.
[Du-sik] She wanted to apologize
and asked me to bring some food.
[light music playing]
Yun-gyeong, I bought these
from your store earlier today,
-and left a bill for it.
-Oh, really?
[Du-sik] Of course.
Please take your pick from the box then.
We have yugwa and gangjeong,
and fruit, and lots of drinks too.
For those with bad teeth,
there are white and yellow nectarines.
-[Gam-ri] I see.
-[Du-sik] Nectarines!
[all laugh]
-Don't just sit there. Help me.
-Oh, yeah. Of course.
-Hey, Geum-cheol.
-Yeah?
[stammering]
Take this.
-Take the box.
-Oh, looks quite heavy.
-It's fine. You can take a seat.
-[Geum-cheol] Gosh, it really is heavy.
[Du-sik] Here. Take the beverages.
-Let's eat.
-[Bo-ra] Wow.
-[Du-sik] Also…
-[Hwa-jeong] She bought a lot.
[Hwa-jeong]
So that'll be the end of today's meeting.
I hope you didn't forget
about the cleaning duties this Saturday.
-No.
-Of course not.
Please bring your own tools.
Rakes, towels, rags. And meet
at the recycling center at nine sharp.
-Right.
-Got it.
Before we wrap up,
let's give a round of applause
for Dr. Yoon
who provided the snacks for us
for today's meeting.
Right.
[Gam-ri] Very nice.
-[Hwa-jeong] What a good treat.
-[applause]
Everything was good.
[chuckles]
[applause continues]
[Mat-i sighs]
What nice snacks.
[dog barking]
-[Du-sik] Bye.
-[Nam-suk] Thank you.
[Gam-ri] Hey, good job today.
[Du-sik] You too, Ms. Gam-ri.
-[Gam-ri] Get some rest then.
-[Du-sik] Good night.
-[Nam-suk] Good night!
-[Gam-ri] Bye!
-Thanks for today.
-[Du-sik] Chun-jae, get home safely.
-[Eun-cheol] Good night.
-[Du-sik] You too.
[crickets chirping]
Thank you for today.
I didn't expect you to care so much.
[inhales sharply]
[exhales]
[solemn music playing]
-Give me your hand.
-What?
Show me your hand, please.
Oh?
[gasps]
Hm.
[exhales heavily]
-What's this?
-Just open it.
A hundred and twenty-five thousand?
Before I knew it,
I bought that much stuff.
You know how to wire for it, right?
[gasps]
So does this mean
you went and you bought
all these snacks to help me,
-and I pay?
-Of course.
You obviously have more money than me,
why should I pay for it?
-You're telling me now?
-Why not?
I didn't ask you to do all this.
You didn't even ask for my consent. I…
You should work on how to say thanks.
Neighborhood meeting or whatnot,
don't invite me to this stuff again.
It's just not okay.
Wire it by the end of the day. Bye.
[Hye-jin] I gave you a warning.
Then, I guess I'm warned.
What the hell?
Never mind then.
[light music playing]
[Geum-cheol] Hurry, guys.
-Hurry over!
-[Eun-cheol] Morning!
-[women] Morning.
-[Geum-cheol] Hurry up.
-Hi.
-Hello.
There they come. There they are.
[Geum-cheol]
Honey, I told you to stay home.
-[Hwa-jeong] Hello.
-[indistinct chattering]
-[Geum-cheol] Let's get this over with.
-[Hwa-jeong] Let's all split into teams
and pick up the trash
from this area thoroughly.
Thank you, everyone.
Let's get started then.
[doorbell rings]
[doorbell rings twice]
[door opens]
Oh, no. You've just woken up.
[groans]
What's going on?
At the neighborhood meeting you came to,
I mentioned the town cleanup.
Everyone else showed up, and you
weren't there so I came to find you.
[sighs]
[chuckles]
Could I maybe pass on it this time?
As you know, I only just moved here.
Next week I'll come help.
Sure, um…
All right, then.
-[exhales heavily]
-[door closes, lock beeps]
[sighs]
Understandable.
[doorbell rings]
[Du-sik] Ms. Dentist, get out here.
-[Hye-jin sighs]
-[Du-sik] Get out here, Ms. Dentist!
So annoying.
[doorbell rings]
[knocking on door]
[Du-sik] I know you're in there.
I won't leave until you come outside.
-[grunts]
-[doorbell rings]
[Du-sik banging on door]
Come out!
Ms. Dentist!
-[doorbell ringing]
-[Mi-seon groaning]
Out. Get out.
Go and see what he wants!
-[knocking on door]
-[doorbell ringing]
[Hye-jin sighs]
[sighs]
[door lock beeps]
[groans]
Chief Hong,
I feel a little under the weather.
Opening the clinic
must've taken a toll on me.
What?
[coughing]
I think I've got a fever.
Is that so? Oh, that's too bad.
Let me take a look.
[Du-sik] Found it.
Here it is.
Here.
[beeps]
36.3°.
You're 0.2°C below the average.
Yeah, but…
Maybe I run colder.
At attention, now!
[Hye-jin whining]
Just leave me alone!
[banging on wall]
I need my sleep.
[groans]
[light music playing]
Chun-jae. Hey, hey.
Go help the ladies over there.
Won't you sweep?
Can't you see that I am?
Bother someone else.
What are you doing? Chun-jae.
Can you stop that already?
[broom sweeping]
YOON DENTAL CLINIC
[music stops]
[sighs]
The clinic's open, right?
It said, "open," so…
Oh, yes of course. Ms. Pyo?
-It's your first time, right?
-Yes.
-Please fill out this form first.
-Uh, yeah.
-Right here.
-[Eun-cheol] Got it.
[gasps]
[melodic music playing]
-[Eun-cheol] Here.
-Thank you.
Mr. Choi Eun-cheol, shall we head in then?
Okay.
[gasps]
Hello. It's your first time, right?
[Eun-cheol] I went there because you
recommended it, and it was nice.
Really?
It didn't hurt at all,
so she knows what she's doing,
and the price wasn't that bad.
[scoffs]
Great.
Anyway, uh…
-See you.
-[door opens]
-No customers?
-You're here.
I'm sorry I had to step out.
-Don't be. I'm paid to watch the cafe.
-[Chun-jae sighs]
One might assume
that I pay you a decent wage.
Why you won't accept a raise is beyond me.
I like things the way they are.
[Chun-jae] Aren't you going fishing today?
I'm here, so get going.
After I'm done with this.
By the way,
on your computer, there's a file.
A file? What file?
Your second album,
The End and the Beginning.
2ND ALBUM THE END AND THE BEGINNING
[Du-sik]
I didn't think it belonged in the trash.
[dramatic music playing]
Times have changed.
I digitized it, so now you don't need
a cassette player for your music.
[sighs]
It's really nice to know
you care that much.
Thank you, Du-sik.
[chuckles]
I'm good though.
Hm?
I'm done reminiscing over my music career.
I can't make it big
as a singer anymore at my age,
so I'm focusing on the present.
I'm going to put my head on straight
and improve the cafe instead.
I need to put Ju-ri through fashion design
school so she can choose her own dreams.
-Chun-jae.
-So can you teach me
to make a good cup of coffee?
How do I run a cafe when I don't
even know how to do that correctly?
Yeah, it's not great.
-Let's do it.
-[both laugh]
Well, I won't be easy on you.
-Got it.
-[Du-sik] Right.
-Come here.
-Right now?
Yeah, come on. Times are wasting.
[chuckles]
Oh, God.
Even I don't drink my coffee.
[both laugh]
Thank you. Please have a good day.
[Mi-seon] Ms. Park In-sun?
Hello, sir.
Is this your first time here?
[device whirring]
[light music playing]
[Hye-jin] You're almost done.
Suction, please.
Okay.
WALDEN BY HENRY DAVID THOREAU
WHAT I DESIRE ARE
THE FLOWERS AND FRUIT OF PEOPLE
[sighs]
[Mi-seon] Hye-jin, my gosh.
[giggles]
What a day. I'm exhausted.
[chuckles]
I'm so happy I don't even feel tired.
[gasps]
This could be the start of everything!
Tell me about it.
It's kind of weird though.
How did we get so many all of a sudden?
Hm?
I mean,
how did our fortunes turn over night?
[Mi-seon] Maybe, all my posting paid off.
Or I guess it's possible that all the bad
rumors about you finally ran their course.
[Du-sik]
Life isn't so… so fair for all of us.
Some spend their whole lives
walking unpaved roads,
some run full speed
just to hit a cliff and fall.
COFFEE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DAY
AND BEER IN THE MOONLIGHT
I…
I listened to your album.
Oh. Oh, yeah.
To be honest though,
"Exercising in the Moonlight"
wasn't all that good.
Yeah.
But, um…
I did really like
"Blue Scar on the Heart".
Mm. The melody was beautiful,
and the lyrics really drew me in.
I enjoyed it.
[dramatic music playing]
Oh, I see.
[chuckles]
So that's more your style.
I'm sorry for what I said that day.
Oh, what day are you referring to exactly?
[chuckles]
[laughs]
[both laugh]
You haven't come across Chief Hong,
have you?
Oh, you mean, Du-sik? Du-sik…
Uh, he walked out to the mudflats earlier.
They're hard to find, though. From…
-From Gongjin Harbor, you go, uh--
-Yes, I know.
Uh, yeah, yeah. Near Turtle Rock.
Right. Well, enjoy your smoke.
Well, I'm trying to quit actually.
[both chuckle]
-Thanks very much.
-Thanks to you too.
[laughs]
I really should quit.
A singer's got no business smoking.
[laughs]
[humming]
[chuckles, sighs]
[laughs]
-[humming]
-[keyboard clacking]
2ND ALBUM THE END AND THE BEGINNING
3. "THE END AND THE BEGINNING"
[soft music playing by Chun-jae]
[inhales deeply]
[Chun-jae exhales heavily]
[music continues]
[waves crashing]
[birds squawking]
[water rippling]
Oh, hey, Chief Hong.
-Fancy seeing you here.
-Uh, I… I…
I had something to tell you.
Go then.
The office had a bunch
of new clients today,
and I think I have you to thank.
And I thought about that thing you said.
You weren't necessarily right,
-but you have a point about--
-I can't hear a word you're saying!
Come up here.
I don't think I can.
[sighs]
Your shoes are always causing trouble.
[Du-sik grunts]
Here.
Take it.
[dramatic music playing]
-[yelps]
-[gasps]
[closing theme music playing]
Did I keep you waiting a little too long?
Absolutely not. Did you catch
a lot of fish today, Grandpa?
Well, there was a ton caught on the net.
[laughs]
Some of your favorite croakers too.
-Wow, that's my favorite one.
-[laughs]
Why don't we grill some
for dinner tonight?
-Sounds delicious!
-[laughs]
Sir, if you don't mind, could you take
a quick picture of us on the beach here?
Oh, I'm not good at things like that.
It's quite easy. Look into this lens
and push this button over here.
-I'll try it.
-[Tae-hwa] Thank you.
[Grandpa] Go stand there.
[light music playing]
[Hye-jin's mom]
Hye-jin, smile for the camera.
But Mom, you were sick just a while ago.
I feel so good.
I'm not sick at all anymore.
[Grandpa] All right. One…
Two…
Three!
[camera shutter clicks]
Here.
[Tae-hwa] Thank you, sir.
[Grandpa] Come on. Let's go.
[Tae-hwa] Thank you for your help.
[music continues]
Hye-jin.
One, two, three.
Why don't we go to the photo studio
and take a photo as well?
Yeah. I would love… love that!
[both laugh]
[light music playing]
WALDEN
MODERN PHOTO STUDIO
[Hye-jin] It's perfect.
Into the battlefield!
I heard you're going to Seoul today.
Let's go together.
[Hye-jin]
What? When did this get taken?
He's not a boyfriend.
I'm not interested,
but he keeps chasing me.
[Du-sik] Do you want me to wait with you?
[Hye-jin]
You must have been in a lot of pain.
Is it bad?
Can you please let me do my work?
You know I grew up this big
because you fed me.
So, with this…
[Hye-jin] Please come back to the clinic.
But you have to keep it a secret.